<!--
 * The contents of this file are subject to the terms of the Common Development and
 * Distribution License (the License). You may not use this file except in compliance with the
 * License.
 *
 * You can obtain a copy of the License at legal/CDDLv1.0.txt. See the License for the
 * specific language governing permission and limitations under the License.
 *
 * When distributing Covered Software, include this CDDL Header Notice in each file and include
 * the License file at legal/CDDLv1.0.txt. If applicable, add the following below the CDDL
 * Header, with the fields enclosed by brackets [] replaced by your own identifying
 * information: "Portions copyright [year] [name of copyright owner]".
 *
 * Copyright 2015-2017 ForgeRock AS. All Rights Reserved
-->
# OpenAM XUI

<!-- TOC depthFrom:2 depthTo:6 withLinks:1 updateOnSave:1 orderedList:0 -->

- [Dependencies](#dependencies)
	- [Updating](#updating)
- [Building](#building)
- [Development](#development)
	- [ES6 Support](#es6-support)
	- [Unit Tests](#unit-tests)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Dependencies
Dependencies for this project are "locked" to specific versions through two mechanisms:
* Explicit version expressions (e.g. `"lodash": "4.1.0"` n.b. no `"^"`) in `package.json`
* `yarn.lock` files generated by Yarn

### Updating
`yarn upgrade-interactive --exact`

## Building
You can build the package using Maven:

```
$ mvn clean install
```

This will output a zip file in the build artifact directory. For example, `target/openam-ui-ria-<version>-www.zip`.

## Development

We use [Grunt][grunt] to build the project. Build dependencies are installed via
[Yarn][yarn].

If you want to develop the UI, we strongly recommend running Grunt to perform the syncing of the source code with your
running application server. To do this, there are a few prerequisites:

* Ensure you have [Node.js][nodejs] installed.
* Ensure you have [Yarn][yarn] installed.
* Add an environment variable, `OPENAM_HOME`, that points to an expanded OpenAM install in your application server's
webapp directory. For example, `OPENAM_HOME=~/tomcat/webapps/openam`.

then do:

```
$ yarn install
$ yarn start
```

Grunt will then start watching the source and sync any changed files over to your server's webapp directory.

### ES6 Support
ES6 is supported via [Babel][babel] transpiling. All `.js` and `.jsm` files are transpiled *except* for `libs` and any commons source (layer on afterwards at build time).

Ensure you have `Enable JavaScript source maps` enabled in Chrome or your preferred browser so see the original source before it was transpiled.

### Unit Tests
To get the unit tests to run automatically when you change source files, do:

```
yarn test
```

This will run karma and show test output as tests are run. _You should run this in addition to running `yarn start` as shown
above_.

If you need to debug test failures, open [http://localhost:9876/debug.html](http://localhost:9876/debug.html) in your
browser of choice and open the development tools. Test failures will be reported in the console.

[babel]: https://babeljs.io
[grunt]: http://gruntjs.com
[nodejs]: https://nodejs.org
[yarn]: https://yarnpkg.com